Update critical banner dismiss section (#913)
primer/design: content/components/banner.mdx

>
  <div>

>   You should try to avoid dismissable critical banners. They are mostly used for errors which need to be resolved. As a result, the user resolving the error to get rid of the critical banner. If used to warn about destructive actions, the banner should also not be dismissable.

Reviewer: > "As a result, the user resolving the error to get rid of the critical banner." 

I think this sentence reads a little weird, what is it trying to say?

>   You should try to avoid dismissable critical banners. They are mostly used for errors which need to be resolved. As a result, the user resolving the error to get rid of the critical banner. If used to warn about destructive actions, the banner should also not be dismissable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Critical banners communicate an error which the user must resolve in order for the banner to disappear. In certain cases, the banner may be dismissible when notifying the user of a failed action. If used to warn about destructive actions, the banner should also not be dismissible.
```

Took a stab at this, curious what you think of the wording 🤔
